at paula's alone Ian associates we've
handled thousands of personal injury
lawsuits we can help you get answers to
the questions that you'll have when
you're injured in an accident who will
pay your medical bills who will pay your
property damage who will pay your lost
wages if you can't work we can take care
of all of those problems by helping
guide you through the process and
obtaining the compensation that you
deserve for the injuries that you
suffered when you're involved in a car
accident it's important to get as much
information as you can at the scene if
you have a cell phone camera use it take
pictures of your car and the other car
take pictures of the place where the
accident happened and take pictures of
the other driver make sure that you file
a police report even if the police don't
arrive at the scene you should go to the
police station and file a report
yourself if you're injured on someone
else's property it's important to prove
what caused your injury you'll need to
take photographs of the broken sidewalk
or the spilled milk in the grocery store
whatever it was that caused you to fall
is going to be critical to proving your
case you should get the names of any
witnesses especially employees if it
happens inside a business take pictures
with your cell phone if you have one
with you or have someone come back to
the scene as soon as possible and take
pictures of what caused you to fall at
paula's Loney and associates we're
available 24 hours a day to answer your
questions call us for a free
consultation if you can't answer your
questions over the phone we'll be glad
to come see you whether that's in the
hospital or at your house when you're
injured in an accident your most
important concern is getting better let
us handle everything else
you